# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**May 27, 2026**

## Parent Volunteers For Sponsorship Day

Our first group fundraiser, Sponsorship Day, is this coming Saturday May 30th. Parents, we are looking for volunteer drivers for this event! [Click HERE](https://dash.pointapp.org/events/663611) to sign up to become a driver. We are looking for about 15 more parent volunteers! You must be 18 years of age with a valid driver’s license. Students should wear something school-related (Irondale, Mounds View, or similar spirit wear) and bring $$ for lunch and their water bottle to stay hydrated. We will begin at Irondale at 9:00am with a brief orientation before heading out to collect donations.

## All Forms Due June 6th

The following forms are Due on June 6th. You can access our forms on our website at [www.irondalebands.org.](http://www.irondalebands.org/) Select “Parent / Student Info” and then select “Forms”.
- Registration Form
- Health Form
- Commitment Contract
- Absence Request Form (ARF)

## June Camp Day

Our June Camp Day is on Saturday June 6th. Below is a tentative general schedule for the rehearsal, which may change depending on how the staff wants to structure this day. Students will have the choice to pack a lunch, have lunch dropped off by a parent, or go off campus to eat with friends on this day. This is also the final day to get your uniform measurements! 9:00 AM – Rehearsal at Irondale 11:45 AM – Lunch 1:15 PM – Rehearsal at Irondale 4:00 PM – Dismissal

## Financial Aid Applications

[Financial Aid Applications](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A67_wKsJZoLI-sr0vNF_nsOq5SYC317m/view?usp=sharing) are due on Saturday June 6th. You will receive a response by no later than June 15th. Please email Dr. Longabaugh if you have any questions regarding financial aid. We can grant up to 50% of financial aid in a single season.

## Mega Raffle

As a reminder, this year all families are required to sell 20 Mega Raffles as part of our Fundraising Campaign. Mega Raffles will be available for students to pick up beginning June 6th.

## Band Camp Parent Volunteers

Parents! We are looking for some awesome volunteers to help us out at Band Camp at the University of Minnesota – Morris on July 19-24. There are opportunities to work either the full week or part of the week in addition to the ability to work remotely while you are at camp. All parent volunteers can stay in the dorms and eat in the dining hall for free. Click [HERE](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdzL8PHL2kIE1tYI784rJxAuarN3LNwCof5030tbVexdvECTQ/viewform) to submit the 2026 IHSMK Band Camp Chaperone Interest Form.

## 2026 Band Camp Handbook

Every year we provide a Band Camp Handbook so families can begin to plan for their students’ away camp experience. Band Camp is a vital week for us to bond and learn a significant portion of our competitive show. It’s often an experience that students highlight as one of their favorites. Click [HERE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SFS1FaIr80BwOw0T2gogyYt-EYztSrJaLdrMKNuX8h8/edit?usp=sharing) to view the 2026 Band Camp Handbook. Please note that this document is a work in progress and will be edited / finalized by July 1st. On Sunday July 12th at 2:00pm we will be hosting an optional, virtual meeting where I will walk through Band Camp in detail. This meeting will also be recorded and shared out afterwards.
