# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**June 3, 2026**

## Absence Request Form (ARF) Due Saturday

ARF’s are due this coming Saturday June [6th. 2026 ARF](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScR3oldY-HFJclKCR3sDVxgGYDcUPzguNR_MfAR8xobslKiDg/viewform) [Form.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScR3oldY-HFJclKCR3sDVxgGYDcUPzguNR_MfAR8xobslKiDg/viewform) All absence requests must be approved by the Director of Bands. Be diligent in including every known and possible conflict.

## Camp Day Saturday June 6

This is a friendly reminder that we have our last spring training practice on Saturday June 6th from 9am-4pm at Irondale High School. Students will have lunch on their own from 11:45am – 1:15pm. Parents, you can pack your student a lunch, drop off a lunch for them at 11:45am, or give them $$ so they can enjoy a lunch off campus.

## Band Camp Parent Chaperones

Parents, if you are interested in chaperoning for the 2026 IHSMK Band Camp on July 19-24 at University of Minnesota – Morris, please complete [this Interest Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdzL8PHL2kIE1tYI784rJxAuarN3LNwCof5030tbVexdvECTQ/viewform) by June 15th. Working remotely is a possibility when you volunteer to chaperone!

## Summer Break

We have a nice, long break before we officially begin our competition season on July 6th. We encourage students to relax and recharge – ENJOY your time away from school. AND...this time away also provides a great opportunity to create easy and valuable habits to set you up for success. 1. Get outside every day. The students who struggle the most are those who lived a sedentary summer in air conditioning for 8 weeks straight. Time in the sun doing something physical will make your student readier for the physical demands of our activity. Enjoying a short walk, going for a bike ride, going for a swim…all great things stay physical 2. Drink plenty of water daily. Dehydration is bad. Hydration is good. 3. Eat a balanced diet. Protein, carbs, and fats in every meal to feel energized and ready. An excellent diet also allows your brain to function at its highest level.

## Band Camp Handbook & Virtual Meeting

We have started working on our 2026 IHSMK Band Camp Handbook, which you can access by clicking [HERE.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SFS1FaIr80BwOw0T2gogyYt-EYztSrJaLdrMKNuX8h8/edit?usp=sharing) Please note that this is a live document, and information may change between now and July 1st. We will have an optional Band Camp Virtual Meeting on Sunday July 12th at 2:00pm. This short, 30- minute meeting is a chance to walk through the handbook with families and give additional information and support before we travel away on July 19-24. The meeting will be recorded and shared with families as well.

## Mega Raffle

As a reminder, this year all families are required to sell 20 Mega Raffles as part of our Fundraising Campaign. Raffles will be available to be picked up on Saturday June 6th after our Camp Day. If you would like additional mega raffles after selling your required 20 to acquire gift card incentives, you can request them by visiting our website at [www.irondalebands.org.](http://www.irondalebands.org/) Select “Parent / Student Info” and then select “Forms.” You will see the request form link under the Marching Band Forms section.
