# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**June 17, 2026**

## Absence Request Form (ARF) Update

If you do not hear from me by Saturday June 20th, then your ARF request has been approved!

## Band Camp Parent Chaperones

Parents, if you are interested in chaperoning for the 2026 IHSMK Band Camp on July 19-24 at University of Minnesota – Morris, please complete this [Interest Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdzL8PHL2kIE1tYI784rJxAuarN3LNwCof5030tbVexdvECTQ/viewform) ASAP. Working remotely is a possibility when you volunteer to chaperone!

## Hornline Sectionals

Each section in the hornline has scheduled sectionals with me throughout the first two Mini-Camp weeks. These sectionals are paramount to our success as a competitive ensemble. Students receive individual and section feedback that help us improve more effectively and efficiently. The rule of thumb is that students attend when they are available. If a student has excessive conflicts, I will ask them to schedule an individual lesson with me to catch them up. [Click HERE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B9f32KEW2Y-brFYof47dDMmWk8zuCGnP/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114292547672457777607&rtpof=true&sd=true) to view the Hornline Music Sectional Schedule (see page 2). Please note that these are NOT posted on our Google Calendar!

## Mini Camp Week #1

Mini Camp Week #1 is Monday July 6th through Thursday July 9th from 5pm-9pm at Irondale High School. This is an important week where we begin to prepare for band camp. We will be outside when the weather permits. Below is what your student should bring to Mini Camp:
- Large water jug with water/ice filled (if you are thirsty then you are already dehydrated!)
- Bug spray and sunscreen
- Hat and sunglasses
- Athletic clothing and athletic shoes/socks (no slides, converse, boots, etc).
- All necessary equipment (i.e. guard equipment, instrument, music binder, etc.)

We encourage students to get outside daily in the month of June so they can be used to being outside. A walk in the park, reading under a tree, going for a run, something to acclimate them to the great outdoors. This will help the students transition nicely into being outside for long periods of time. In the mornings of Mini-Camp Week #1 we will have hornline sectionals. I do not manage the organization of any color guard or percussion sectionals, as those are determined by our guard and percussion staff.

## Band Camp Handbook & Virtual Meeting

We have started working on our 2026 IHSMK Band Camp Handbook, which you can access by clicking [HERE.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SFS1FaIr80BwOw0T2gogyYt-EYztSrJaLdrMKNuX8h8/edit?usp=sharing) Please note that this is a live document, and information may change between now and July 1st. We will have an optional Band Camp Virtual Meeting on Sunday July 12th at 2:00pm. The Google Meet Link is posted on the Google Calendar event.

## Mega Raffle

Mega Raffles are available! Checks are made out to Irondale Bands. The deadline to sell raffles is September 26th. Students can turn in sold raffle stubs and $$ to me at any rehearsal. We encourage families to turn in sold raffles periodically rather than waiting until all 20 are sold. This helps us input them into our system faster. You can request more raffles on our website via the Forms page.
