# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**July 1, 2026**

## Awards Night

Awards Night has been moved to Monday November 9th. This has been updated on the Google Calendar as well as the One-Page Calendar.

## UDB App

At Irondale we use the UDB app Powered by Arc to learn our drill for our competitive show. All hornline, batterie, and color guard students should download this app prior to July 6th. This app is different than the app we used last year! If your student is in the front ensemble, they do NOT need to download this app. If your student does not have a smartphone, we will have a smartphone for your student to use for drill learning only (they do not house any other apps). These phones remain in the band room throughout the season unless they are on the field being actively used.

## Mini Camp Week #1

Mini Camp Week #1 is Monday July 6th through Thursday July 9th from 5pm-9pm at Irondale High School. This is an important week where we begin to prepare for band camp. We will be outside when the weather permits. Below is what your student should bring to Mini Camp:
- Large water jug with water/ice filled (if you are thirsty then you are already dehydrated!)
- Bug spray and sunscreen
- Hat and sunglasses
- Athletic clothing and athletic shoes/socks (no slides, converse, boots, etc).
- All necessary equipment (i.e. guard equipment, instrument, music binder, etc.)

## Hornline Sectionals

Each section in the hornline has scheduled sectionals with me throughout the first two Mini-Camp weeks. These sectionals are paramount to our success as a competitive ensemble. Students receive individual and section feedback that help us improve more effectively and efficiently. The rule of thumb is that students attend when they are available. If a student has excessive conflicts, I will ask them to schedule an individual lesson with me to catch them up. [Click HERE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B9f32KEW2Y-brFYof47dDMmWk8zuCGnP/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114292547672457777607&rtpof=true&sd=true) to view the Hornline Music Sectional Schedule (see page 2). Please note that these are NOT posted on our Google Calendar!

## Band Camp Handbook & Virtual Meeting

We have started working on our 2026 IHSMK Band Camp Handbook, which you can access by clicking [HERE.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SFS1FaIr80BwOw0T2gogyYt-EYztSrJaLdrMKNuX8h8/edit?usp=sharing) Please note that this is a live document, and information may change between now and July 1st. We will have an optional Band Camp Virtual Meeting on Sunday July 12th at 2:00pm. The Google Meet Link is posted on the Google Calendar event.

## Mega Raffle

The Mega Raffle Fundraiser has BEGUN! Checks are made out to Irondale Bands. The deadline to sell raffles is September 26th. Students can turn in sold raffle stubs and $$ to me at any rehearsal. We encourage families to turn in sold raffles periodically rather than waiting until all 20 are sold. This helps us input them into our system faster. You can request more raffles on our website via the Forms page.
