# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**May 20, 2026**

## Parent Volunteers For Sponsorship Day

Our first group fundraiser, Sponsorship Day, is scheduled for Saturday May 30th. Parents, we are looking for volunteer drivers for this event! [Click HERE](https://dash.pointapp.org/events/663611) to sign up to become a driver. You must be 18 years of age with a valid driver’s license. Students should wear something school-related (Irondale, Mounds View, or similar spirit wear) and bring $$ for lunch and their water bottle to stay hydrated.

## All Forms Due June 6th

The following forms are Due on June 6th. You can access our forms on our website at [www.irondalebands.org.](http://www.irondalebands.org/) Select “Parent / Student Info” and then select “Forms”.
- Registration Form
- Health Form
- Commitment Contract
- Absence Request Form (ARF)
- Financial Aid Form

## Uniform Measurement Night

Uniform Measurement Night is scheduled for tomorrow Thursday May 21st from 5:30 – 7:00pm at Irondale High School in the Band Room. Students should wear fitted clothing so we can get the most accurate measurements (no baggy sweats, hoodies, etc.). All rookies in the hornline and percussion will try on marching band shoes. Veteran students should try on their current marching shoes and let me know if they need a new size at Uniform Measurement Night.

## June Camp Day

Our June Camp Day is on Saturday June 6th. Below is a tentative general schedule for the rehearsal, which may change depending on how the staff wants to structure this day. Students will have the choice to pack a lunch, have lunch dropped off by a parent, or go off campus to eat with friends on this day. 9:00 AM – Rehearsal at Irondale 11:45 AM – Lunch 1:15 PM – Rehearsal at Irondale 4:00 PM – Dismissal

## Financial Aid Applications

[Financial Aid Applications](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A67_wKsJZoLI-sr0vNF_nsOq5SYC317m/view?usp=sharing) are due on Saturday June 6th. You will receive a response by no later than June 15th. Please email Dr. Longabaugh if you have any questions regarding financial aid. We can grant up to 50% of financial aid in a single season.

## Mega Raffle

As a reminder, this year all families are required to sell 20 Mega Raffles as part of our Fundraising Campaign. Mega Raffles will be available for students to pick up on June 6th after our rehearsal Camp Day.

## Band Camp Parent Volunteers

Parents! We are looking for some awesome volunteers to help us out at Band Camp at the University of Minnesota – Morris on July 19-24. There are opportunities to work either the full week or part of the week in addition to the ability to work remotely while you are at camp. All parent volunteers can stay in the dorms and eat in the dining hall for free. Click [HERE](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdzL8PHL2kIE1tYI784rJxAuarN3LNwCof5030tbVexdvECTQ/viewform) to submit the 2026 IHSMK Band Camp Chaperone Interest Form.
