# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**July 22, 2026**

## Post Band Camp

We are having an amazing time at camp thus far. It's amazing to watch the students grow and learn together. We are excited to share with you our competitive show later in the season! After camp, our schedule is fairly consistent with rehearsals usually taking place on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays from 5-9pm at Irondale. Additionally, we have a number of events in August to support our local community including National Night Out and our local parades! Please check the [IHSMK Calendar](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B9f32KEW2Y-brFYof47dDMmWk8zuCGnP/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114292547672457777607&rtpof=true&sd=true) to see the complete list of rehearsals and community events!

## National Night Out

National Night Out (NNO) is an annual celebration where neighborhoods come together to build community and enhance the relationships between neighbors and law enforcement. This year NNO will take place on Tuesday August 4th. On this night the band travels around the community to perform for block parties. The report time for this event is 5:00 pm at Irondale. Our approximate end time is 8:00 pm, although sometimes we go later depending on our last stop (which includes a special treat for the kids). If you want us to play at your party – send me an email!

## Stockyard Days Parade

Insteps are our itineraries for our performances throughout the season. Every instep for the season will be posted on our website. Simply select "Parent / Student Info" and choose "Insteps". I have posted the first instep of the season for the Stockyard Days parade on Saturday August 8th. Please note that the report time in this instep will likely change once I get confirmation on bus pick-up time.

## August Camp Day

Camp Days are longer rehearsals where we can make significant progress in advancing our competitive show prior to fielding it for the first time. Our August Camp Day is scheduled for Saturday August 15th from 9am-9pm. Students are responsible for providing their own lunch. Dinner will be provided for students by Band Parent Volunteers! Parents, if you are interested in volunteering on this day, please email [memberatlarge@irondalebands.org](mailto:memberatlarge@irondalebands.org).

## 2026 Picture Day

Picture Day is scheduled to take place at Irondale High School on Thursday September 3rd at 2:00pm. David Bank Studios will be here to take the group photo, section photos, and individual shots. Students will get to enjoy an early dinner break before we rehearse at 5pm later that evening. These photos will be made available for families to purchase. David Bank Studios will provide that information when we get closer to the day.

## New: 2026 Media Day

This year we are planning a Media Day, a special event where students can sign up to take specialty pictures in uniform with their friends. This optional opportunity could be just the thing you need to capture some of the amazing memories being made in marching band. I am working with Jill Peterson on ironing out the logistics. We look forward to sharing more with you soon!
