# Irondale Marching Knights — Weekly Update

**July 8, 2026**

## UDB App

All hornline, batterie, and color guard students should have UDB Powered by Arc downloaded on their smart device. Front Ensemble does NOT need to download UDB. If your student does not have a smartphone, we will have a smartphone for your student to use for drill learning only (they do not house any other apps).

## July Camp Day

Our July Camp Day is 9am-5pm on Saturday July 11th. Below is the full schedule. Lunch is NOT provided to students on this day. Students can bring a lunch or go out for lunch. Parents, you are also welcome to drop off a lunch for your student at Irondale. Below is the day schedule.
- 9:00 Rehearsal at Irondale
- 12:30 Lunch
- 2:00 Rehearsal at Irondale
- 5:00 Dismissal

## Band Camp Details

In addition to the details provided in the Band Camp Handbook, I have some additional details that I have ironed out with the University of Minnesota – Morris that I would like to share with you!
- The report time to Irondale on Sunday July 19th is 1:30pm. We will load the buses with the plan to depart from Irondale by 3:00pm.
- Students should plan to pack only what they need for band camp. There are no elevators in the dorms so anything they bring with them must be hauled up and down the stairs at check-in and check-out. More information will be included at our virtual meeting.
- Free time at the indoor UMN recreation pool is tentatively scheduled for 12:30-2:00pm on Wednesday. If students want to take advantage of this opportunity during their Wednesday free time, they are welcome to pack a swimsuit.

[Click HERE](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1h7C1evg16yoKaVHpn5dAecfs2VfCmlfZYdy9w9-uxGM/edit?usp=sharing) to view the full band camp schedule. More details shared this coming Sunday!

## Band Camp Handbook & Virtual Meeting

We have started working on our 2026 IHSMK Band Camp Handbook, which you can access by clicking [HERE.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SFS1FaIr80BwOw0T2gogyYt-EYztSrJaLdrMKNuX8h8/edit?usp=sharing) We will have an optional Band Camp Virtual Meeting on Sunday July 12th at 2:00pm. The Zoom Link is posted on the Google Calendar event.

## Insteps

Insteps are our itineraries for our performances throughout the season. Every instep for the season will be posted on our website. Simply select "Parent / Student Info" and choose "Insteps". I have posted the first instep of the season for the Stockyard Days parade on Saturday August 8th. Please note that the report time in this instep will likely change if the parade changes when they close the street down.
